welcome to the art of cooking today
we're gonna make together kalbi tongue
number one start off by draining the
blood from some kalbi meat which is meat
made on Korean style just will just wash
some kalbi and put it into a pot of cold
water change the pot every 15 minutes or
so for about 45 minutes normal normal
galbi tang uses the large beef short
ribs used for galbi j-jim but i but i
just used copy that i had left aside
from marinating earlier today did these
little tea bags from the japanese market
fill it with four whole garlic cloves a
handful of large green onions and about
15 to 20 whole peppercorns if you don't
have a tea bag just put everything
directly in the sift and an out later
then peel a clean pin and clean a piece
of mu korean radish put the drain drips
into a pot of water and let it cook for
about 5 minutes to get all the guck out
when you see this entire stuff rise to
the top remove it from the heat wash
each piece of meat thoroughly and give
the pot and i scrub down also fill the
pot with about 12 cups of water and
bring to a boil add the mo the tea bag
and the kalbi pieces let it boil for
about an hour after an hour open the lid
and remove the tea bag and the move let
the beef cook for another hour
two hours of cooking so far let them all
cool and then slice it up into edible
pieces marinate the moon with the
following three tablespoons of
janzen one tablespoon of sesame oil half
tablespoon of minced garlic a dash of
pepper and 1 tablespoon of green onions
and that's what it will look like after
you mix it with what we've mentioned
after the meat has boiled for another
hour at the mall do a taste test and
adjust a flavoring with genzyme
garnish with with some eggs and large
green onions and you're done enjoy your
meal subscribe to get the new in our
kitchen thanks for watching